Does it feel overwhelming right now?
Or does it feel like, because most
of these concepts you can derive.
So if I were to do the exact same thing,
this is just class line, is_hory.
And then I just do this .p1.
It's like the same thing, except for
it's split in two locations.
This on the other hand, there's not really
a great version of this in JavaScript.
Because JavaScript I guess
you could have to string.
So if you're from string, there's not
really like a from string method in
the JavaScript world, so
how would I derive that?
I don't know if there's a great
analogous version of this.
But that is effectively if you could parse
in JavaScript and just call.parse or
something, it would be this.
And so, if there are any questions,
great time to do it,
I'm trying to give extra time.
Just because I want to make sure everyone.
There's at least one question
I can feel it deep down.
I can feel it deep down, we got something.
>> Do you have to be aware or take care of
any possible name collisions with traits?
>> No, I don't believe you do.
I do not believe you do cuz they're
actually well, I bet you yes.
You probably do but
you probably don't at the same time.
It depends on what you mean by
name as far as this type of name.
No, I don't believe you do.
I've never actually had a name collision.
But we could pretty much try
to create one pretty easily.
You could have a trait Foo, okay.
I haven't implemented a trait in a long
time so I might actually get this wrong.
And let's go like that.
And so there we go.
And let's have this thing do a usize.
So my guess is that you shouldn't be
able to implement both these things.
So if I did a imple for Foo for Point.
Take that implement this.
Bar for Point and then use usize,
return 5, return true.
Maybe you can't,
I've never actually tried this condition.
This is actually neat I'm trying to
reason about my head of how you would or
what you do with this?
You can make a generic values,
you can actually constrain them to traits.
So theoretically, it would know which
traits to call if you constrain your
function to take in a specific trait.
And so maybe that's why collisions just
simply don't exist in this context,
I don't know.
Personally, that just blew my
mind that you could do that.
But I say fantastic.
>> Can you import traits in enums.
>> Yes, so traits can be on, I believe
they can be on anything you want.
And you can derive that
without looking anything up.
Here's an easy way to understand how you
can derive it there a little pun there.
So I just opened up a new one of these
that happens every now and then.
So Debug is a trait.
I just derived my Debug.
There's traits PartialEq, right.
You can derive these things and
it works just fine on enums
which means just by pure
empirical evidence, yes you can.
And the answer is yes again.
Enums instructs you can
have methods on them,
I've shown you how to do impose on
enums you can also do it there.
So I can create my own
personalized display for an enum.
Just because if you're printing it out,
you may want it to look really nice.
And so it'd be silly if I was
constrained to not be able to do that,
because then I could never
actually display it.
So this whole trait,
struct enum dance is pretty cool.
At least I personally think this actually
makes it a really convenient language.
It makes it really easy to implement
things that are just kind of a little
different.
>> What if you parse
ampersand self to Foo and
bar because right now those are Foo,
Foo and bar, bar?
>> I like it, let's find out.
Like I said, I've never tried this method,
but this seems exciting, so yes.
So in other words, if this thing
existed on the instance if you will.
I still don't think it's gonna
make much of a difference.
So it doesn't appear to make
much of the difference.
Because there you go,
you have these two things.
I'm curious how this actually plays out.
But my guess is you'd want
to do something like this.
If you were to do this, let's go T,
I believe I can just go Bar.
I haven't written one of these in a while,
so doing this on the spot can be
a little interesting let's find out.
So I should be able to go with foo.
And it will know,
foo returns usize, so there you go.
And it can tell it's
calling the correct method.
And so if I were to change this
into a foo, foo now returns a bool.
Because I've constrained
it to the specific type.
So I think that's why it works.
I've to actually go read why that?
It just seems like such a funny condition.
It's actually a really great question.
I would have never thought to ever
make my methods the same name ever,
because that sounds like
it's gonna collide.
>> Can you overwrite a trait that
already exists like a system library?
And if so, what trait will be
called from the system then?
That I don't know the specifics,
I know that there's rules around traits.
Foreign types foreign trait
you can't do those things.
But as far as if it already
had implementation,
you are implementing a trait on a foreign
object which I do not believe you can do.
I don't believe you can do that
foreign trait on a foreign object.
And so that's like the constraint.
And so just reasoning about what I do
know about Russ, I don't think you can.
I couldn't implement because you
can't impl on what is it thing if it?
Lets say std::f ::File,
ipml Display for this and there you go.
Because we neither own Display nor
do we own File.
And so, we cannot do that.
If I'm not mistaken you cannot do that.
Only the trait defining the current
crate can be implemented for
types to find out of the crate.
And so my guess is no.
But I'd have to think more,
I haven't gotten into that kind of stuff.
Plus I think in general programming speak,
you should never reimplement
standard behaviors,
that's always considered such a no,
no [LAUGH].
If printing a number changed
from one system to the next,
that would just be an awful experience.
What a very fun bug to debug?
Really good somebody.
>> What about bar plus foo?
>> I wonder if that would do it?
You could potentially do it.
So what he's saying there is that, I like
all these, these are great questions.
We may have to move on just for
time time sake at this point but
actually am curious.
What does this thing do?
Looks like it's grabbing the first one.
Cuz I just switched.
So what this means is that this
can be a trait object that is
constrained that has to be both Bar and
foo.
And so that's what the plus sign means,
very weird syntax.
But it looks like it's constraining it to
Bar first because Bar was the first one
mentioned when I swapped them around.
This is such Twitch chat,
just ask every last potential question.
We got to move on but this is awesome.
I never played around with this area but
it looks like you can still do it.
At least it appears you can still do it.
>> The Bar plus foo was from Twitch chat.
>> Yea.
But the rest were from
the Frontend Masters chat,
>> Okay,
>> Just letting me know that.
>> Frontend Masters,
you guys are great, I like you guys.
Twitch chat, I'm still jury's still out
on you guys, I don't know about that.